
Our Mission

At DTA Technology Consulting, we believe technology should be simple, seamless, and provide real value to your business.
We offer an array of managed technology services that will allow you to focus on the growth of your business while we manage, simplify, and secure your IT systems. We specialize in partnering with work from home professionals, home businesses, and small-medium sized businesses, to help implement secure technologies that support your operations. With over 20 years of IT industry experience, we are confident we can find the perfect technology solution that fits your specific business needs.

Why Us?

Most work from home professionals and small businesses do not have the budget to employ experienced IT staff full-time. The result is that most of their technology solutions come from internet research, or from a friend/employee that has some IT knowledge. While this can lead to solutions that may work in the short-term, it may also leave you vulnerable to security risks and may have you asking a few questions down the road.

Small Business - Common Concerns

    - How can I be sure the installer optimized the settings for my scenario?
    - Did the installer leave default credentials or settings configured that may make you vulnerable to attack?
    - Is the solution scalable as my business grows?
    - Was there another solution that may have been a better fit?
    - Is this solution going to restrict my options as I try to integrate new workflows into the business in the future?
    - Do I need a website for my business and how do I get one?
    - How do I securely backup my critical data?
    - How can I securly offer guest WiFi without making my critical system vulnerable?
    - What technologies can help me streamline my current workflows?
    - How do I know my systems are secure and what practices can I implement to prevent a data breach?

We offer expert IT knowledge on a wide range of technologies that can help answer these types of questions and many more.
As your IT partner, we offer "as-needed", "per-job", or "on-contract" pricing packages that can be customized to fit the needs of your business.
Contact us for more information.

Work-From-Home Professionals - Common Concerns

    - My internet is slow.
    - My video calls are "glitchy".
    - My Internet drops randomly.
    - I have weak WiFi in certain areas of my home.

These are common issues with standard ISP equipment and off the shelf solutions.
Are you tired of expense and time it takes when dealing with the big-box store tech squads?
We offer proven solutions and consulting that can help solve these issues and relieve the frustration that they cause.

Anyone who uses Technology

Our services are not just limited to business or professional users. Our team can assist with any IT related issues you may be having and offer advice about new solutions you may want to implement. If it's technology related, we are confident we can help.
No job is too big, or too small!
Check out the list below to see just a few of the items areas we specialize in.


Our Specialties

    Small-medium sized business systems
    Professional home office systems
    Secure and reliable work-from-home solutions
    Secure and stable wireless solutions
    Secure guest wifi and guest portals    
    Slow or unstable internet connections
    Small business website design, hosting, and maintenance
    Networking and network security
    IT System Security audits (Network, WiFi & Information security)
    Compliance with industry regulations (PCI, HIPAA)
    Backup and Disaster Recovery solutions
    Cloud technology solutions
    Data recovery
    System and device upgrades
    Software Licensing
    PC, Laptop, and Server repair
    Video Surveillance systems
    Restaurant and retail POS systems
    If it's technology related, we are sure we can help.



Contact Form
How Can We Help?

We would love to hear from you!

We proudly and primarily serve the central Ohio area, however, many of our services can be performed independent of location.

Fill out the form below to find out how our team can help your business securely and efficiently implement technology that gets out of the way and helps your business reach its potential.

***We take security and privacy very seriously. This info is for our contact purposes only. We will never sell your information to anyone, and we will never bombard your inbox with spam.

Full Name (Required)
Phone
Email (Required)
Message (Required)

Contact Info

Or, if you prefer, please feel free to contact us directly via phone or email.

    Call us: 614.602.2572
    Email us: contact@dtatechconsulting.com

